Revise agent reactions documentation for Teams (#14326)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/agents-in-teams/agent-reactions.md

Author: Should be "to _your_ message" in all examples?

Author: ```suggestion
# [REST API](#tab/h1)
```

Apply everywhere

Author: Move this to the reference page

> title: Agent Reactions in Teams - Overview

Author: TODO

- [Select skin tone for emojis](#modify-skin-tone-for-emojis)
- [Best practices](#best-practices)

> ## React to a message

Author: ```suggestion
## Add and remove reactions on messages
```

Just cover both

> Like users, agents can add multiple reactions to each message in a conversation, and can also remove reactions after adding them. Users and agents can only remove their own reactions, not those placed by others.

Author: ```suggestion
Like users, agents can attach one or more reactions to each message in a conversation, and can also remove reactions after adding them. Users and agents can only remove their own reactions, not those placed by others.
```

> You can enable an agent to send reactions using Teams SDK or REST APIs. An agent can send up to two reactions per second. To enable an agent to send a reaction to a message:

Author: TODO remove "enable" everywhere

1. Use the [Teams reactions reference](teams-reactions-reference.md) for getting the `reactionId` for the reactions that you want to add.
1. Use [Teams SDK](/microsoftteams/platform/teams-sdk/in-depth-guides/message-reactions?pivots=typescript) or REST API to add reactions to messages.

The following code snippet shows an example of adding the *Waving hand* reaction to a message:

# [CSharp](#tab/cs1)

> 

Author: Put prescriptive instruction for each language in prose over the code sample
